c:\users\andre\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Test6Mario\Test6Mario.Test\obj\Debug\Test6Mario.Test.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\andre\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Test6Mario\Test6Mario.Test\bin\Debug\xunit.abstractions.dll
c:\users\andre\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Test6Mario\Test6Mario.Test\bin\Debug\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\andre\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Test6Mario\Test6Mario.Test\bin\Debug\xunit.runner.visualstudio.testadapter.dll
c:\users\andre\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Test6Mario\Test6Mario.Test\bin\Debug\xunit.runner.utility.desktop.dll
c:\users\andre\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Test6Mario\Test6Mario.Test\bin\Debug\xunit.execution.desktop.dll
c:\users\andre\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Test6Mario\Test6Mario.Test\bin\Debug\Test6Mario.Test.dll
c:\users\andre\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Test6Mario\Test6Mario.Test\bin\Debug\Test6Mario.Test.pdb
c:\users\andre\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Test6Mario\Test6Mario.Test\bin\Debug\Test6Mario.dll
c:\users\andre\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Test6Mario\Test6Mario.Test\bin\Debug\xunit.assert.dll
c:\users\andre\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Test6Mario\Test6Mario.Test\bin\Debug\xunit.core.dll
c:\users\andre\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Test6Mario\Test6Mario.Test\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\andre\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Test6Mario\Test6Mario.Test\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\andre\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Test6Mario\Test6Mario.Test\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\andre\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Test6Mario\Test6Mario.Test\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\andre\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Test6Mario\Test6Mario.Test\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\andre\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Test6Mario\Test6Mario.Test\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\andre\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Test6Mario\Test6Mario.Test\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\andre\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Test6Mario\Test6Mario.Test\bin\Debug\Test6Mario.pdb
c:\users\andre\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Test6Mario\Test6Mario.Test\bin\Debug\Test6Mario.dll.config
c:\users\andre\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Test6Mario\Test6Mario.Test\bin\Debug\xunit.assert.pdb
c:\users\andre\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Test6Mario\Test6Mario.Test\bin\Debug\xunit.assert.xml
c:\users\andre\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Test6Mario\Test6Mario.Test\bin\Debug\xunit.core.pdb
c:\users\andre\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Test6Mario\Test6Mario.Test\bin\Debug\xunit.core.xml
c:\users\andre\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Test6Mario\Test6Mario.Test\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\andre\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Test6Mario\Test6Mario.Test\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\andre\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Test6Mario\Test6Mario.Test\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\andre\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Test6Mario\Test6Mario.Test\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\andre\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Test6Mario\Test6Mario.Test\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\andre\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Test6Mario\Test6Mario.Test\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\andre\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Test6Mario\Test6Mario.Test\obj\Debug\Test6Mario.Test.dll
c:\users\andre\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Test6Mario\Test6Mario.Test\obj\Debug\Test6Mario.Test.pdb
